DOCUMENT OBJECT

    The document object is the html document that appears in the browser window and serves as an interface for interacting 
with the web pages content.  The browser generates a document object model of a web page upon it.

    The document object model is a logical tree in a document, with a methods allowing programmatic access to change its structure, style,
or content.

    It manipulation tools offers methods to acccess and manipulate the structure and content of a document such as query.selector(),
create element(), amd innerhtml. It represents the entire html document as a node tree, with the document object as the root 
node. It allows dynamic dates and interactions with webpage content.

Properities of document object model

element.innerHTML = new html content   ;  change the inner html of a element

element.attribute = new value          ; change the attribute valueof a html element

Methods:

document.createElement(element)         ;create html element

document.removeChild(element)           ; remove a Html element



WINDOW OBJECT 

    The window object is a global object in clien side Js, representing the browser window containing a document object model document and 
acting as a root of the document object model

    window object is supported by all browsers, and represents the browser window and automatically includes global js objects, functions,
and variables as members

    The window object is responsible for manaing global variables, functions, and objects, providing methods for browser interactions and 
managing properities related to frames, tabs or window such as alert(), confirm(), settimeout(), setinterval().

Properities

window.innerheight      - inner height of the browser

window.innerwidth       - inner width of the browser

Methods

window.open()       - opena new window

window.close()      - close the current window

window.moveto()     - move the current window




2) Objects in Js

    Object is a data type in javascript. It is similar to array. It is key value pair. Object comes under the reference datatype. Generally data type are 
classified into two types

1) Primitive datatype - number,string, boolean, null, undefined
2) Non Primitive datatype - array, object, functions

It is categorized by copy by value and copy by reference.  THe Primitive datatype comes under copy by value and the other comes under
copy by reference

Example for copy by reference

var a = [2,3,4,5]
var b=a
b[1]=6

console.log(a) = 2,6,4,5
console.log(b) = 2,6,4,5

Example for object in js

var i = {
    name : "Jr"
    age : 20
    phn : 123456
    address : [
        {
            street : 2
            city : "Chennai"
        },
        {
            street : 3
            city : "Vellore"
        }
    ]
}

It can be accessed by index number. To access the value of the madurai is followed

i.address[1].city = madurai